Put all optional client parameters into client options (#3910)
Azure/autorest.csharp: docs/features/service_client_constructors.md

## Service Client Constrctors

> Scope: This document only applies to DPG services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scope: This document only applies to DPG libraries.
```

> There will be two **public** client constructors in a generated service client. One primary public constructor with all the user defined client parameters plus `ClientOptions`, and one secondary public constructor with all the user defined **required** client parameters. The secondary public constructor calls the primary public constructor underneath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There will be two **public** client constructors in a generated service client. One primary public constructor with all the user defined client parameters plus a `ClientOptions` parameter, and one secondary public constructor with all the user defined **required** client parameters without the `ClientOptions` parameter. The secondary public constructor calls the primary public constructor underneath with default values of those optional parameters.
```

Author: This section has some problem. I adjust a bit.

For example, user defines required parameters `Uri endpoint` and `AzureKeyCredential credential`, then the generated public constructors are:

```C#
public ServiceClient(Uri endpoint, AzureKeyCredential credential) : this(endpoint, credential, new ServiceClientOptions()) {}

public ServiceClient(Uri endpoint, AzureKeyCredential credential, ServiceClientOptions options) {}
```

> Normally, all the client parameters are required. But if user defines some additional optional client parameters, all the optional client parameters will go to `ClientOptions`, except `endpoint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, all the client parameters are required. But if user defines some additional optional client parameters, all the optional client parameters will go to `ClientOptions`, except `endpoint`.
```

For example, user defines an optional parameter `string optional`. The `ClientOptions` will have a new property as

```C#
public partial class ServiceClientOptions : ClientOptions
{
    ...

    public string Optional { get; set; }
}
```

> The signature of the public constructors will keep the same, but its implementation will become to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signature of the public constructors will not change, but its implementation will change to
```

```C#
public ServiceClient(Uri endpoint, AzureKeyCredential credential) : this(endpoint, credential, new ServiceClientOptions()) {}

public ServiceClient(Uri endpoint, AzureKeyCredential credential, ServiceClientOptions options)
{

>     ...

Reviewer: let us change this `...` to a comment like `/* omitting other irrelevant assignments*/

    _optional = options.Optional;
}
```

> If the optional client parameters user defines contains `endpoint`, it will still be in the client constructor, not going to `ClientOptions`. For example, user defines an optional parameter `string optional`, an optional `endpoint` with default value `"http://localhost:3000"`, and a required parameter `AzureKeyCredential credential`, the generated public constructors are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user defined optional client parameters contain `endpoint`, it will still be in the client constructor, not be going to `ClientOptions`. For example, if user defines an optional parameter `string optional`, an optional `endpoint` with default value `"http://localhost:3000"`, and a required parameter `AzureKeyCredential credential`, the generated public constructors are:
```

```C#
public ServiceClient(AzureKeyCredential credential) : this(new Uri("http://localhost:3000"), credential, new ServiceClientOptions()) {}

public ServiceClient(Uri endpoint, AzureKeyCredential credential, ServiceClientOptions options)
{

>     ...

Reviewer: same here

## Service Client Constrctors

Scope: This document only applies to DPG libraries.

There will be two **public** client constructors in a generated service client:

**One primary public constructor with:**

> - `endpoint` parameter (no matter it is required or optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An `endpoint` parameter (no matter it is required or optional).
```

- All the user defined **required** client parameters.
- A `ClientOptions` parameter.

**One secondary public constructor with:**
- All the user defined **required** client parameters (without the `ClientOptions` parameter and **optional** paramters).

The secondary public constructor calls the primary public constructor underneath with default values of `endpoint` (if any) and `ClientOptions`.

> For example, user defines required parameters `Uri endpoint` and `AzureKeyCredential credential`, then the generated public constructors are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, required parameters `Uri endpoint` and `AzureKeyCredential credential` are defined, then the generated public constructors are:
```

```C#
public ServiceClient(Uri endpoint, AzureKeyCredential credential) : this(endpoint, credential, new ServiceClientOptions()) {}

public ServiceClient(Uri endpoint, AzureKeyCredential credential, ServiceClientOptions options) {}
```

> Usually, all the client parameters are required. But if user defines some additional optional client parameters, all the optional client parameters will go to `ClientOptions`, except `endpoint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, all the client parameters are required. But if some additional optional client parameters are defined, all the optional client parameters will go to `ClientOptions`, except for the `endpoint` parameter.
```

> For example, user defines an optional parameter `string optional`. The `ClientOptions` will have a new property as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if an optional parameter `string optional` is defined, the `ClientOptions` will have a new property as
```
